Sorry to go. The concept of the cc brand is to make every customer feel valued and respected.
Ye Yaoyao, please stop making things difficult for others. No reward!
Qiu Ping, the identity of your sword also cooperates with my discussion.
Call your store manager quickly, I want to communicate with him personally.
What's going on? Store manager, you're just here.
I am a qualified member here.
Naturally, I was able to give up after being blocked in front of me like this.
Seriously, my official experience
Cz brand has the right to refuse
Serve polite customers
I think you, the store manager, are confused.
Please leave on your own
This kind of adult's dog eyes can see clearly
I'm your production member here
The following will be for this country bumpkin